These terms of use apply whether you are a registered user of or just a visitor to independent.co.uk or its associated websites (all of which sites are known collectively and/or individually in these Terms as the "Website").

By accessing the Website (which includes browsing and any use, with any device or by any means) you are agreeing to be legally bound by these terms.

Independent.co.uk may make changes to any part of the Website and may add to or change these Terms. All changes become effective as soon as they are posted. It is your responsibility to refer to the Terms whenever you access the Website.

We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.

From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of this Website, or this entire Website, to users who have registered with us.

Other policies to read before using the website

Before using the Website please read our User Commitment, Privacy policy, Cookie policy and Community Guidelines and do let us know in the manner set out in any Policy if you do not want us to collect information about you, and to reject any cookies in the recommended way.
Related links

Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Code of Conduct
Complaint Form
Contact Us
External Contributors Policy
Community Guidelines
Competition Ts & Cs
User Commitment

Who owns the website?

The Website is owned and operated by Independent Digital News and Media Ltd. It is registered in England and Wales under company number 07320345, whose registered office is at 2 Derry Street, London, W8 5HF, UK. VAT number 995518073. In these terms we refer to Independent Digital News and Media Ltd as ‘Independent.co.uk’.

Independent.co.uk reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Website at any time, with or without notice or explanation, if we believe you are violating the Terms in any way.

Rights of use

All intellectual property rights, including copyright, in the content accessible (or available for download) on the Website, including text, pictures, graphics, video, audio material, software or any other form (Content) belong to Independent.co.uk or its licensors. All rights are hereby reserved.

Your promise to us

The Website and the Content may only be used for your personal, non-commercial use.

For this purpose alone you may retrieve and display the Content on a computer screen. You may also print out, but not photocopy, one copy of individual files on paper and store files in electronic form on disc, but not on any server or any other storage device connected to a network where the Content could be accessed by other users.

Except as set out above, you agree not to download, copy, reproduce, modify, store, archive, show in public, redistribute or commercially exploit in any way any part of the Content without the prior written permission of Independent.co.uk. You agree not to use the Content or the Website for any illegal or improper purpose, nor for any purpose which might infringe the rights of others, or which might harass or cause inconvenience of distress to any person.

You also agree to abide by all copyright notices and restrictions attached to the Content and not to remove any such notice or restriction, or alter the Content in any way.

If you wish to re-publish, re-distribute or exploit the Content in any way you should address a request for permission to Independent.co.uk Syndication using the below details:

    E-mail: syndication@independent.co.uk
    Telephone: +44 (0)20 3615 2272 (text and video);
    Telephone: +44 (0)20 3615 2277 (pictures)

Independent.co.uk cannot guarantee that any such permission would be forthcoming or on what terms.

By registering with us you promise to;

    Open a single account in your own name
    Use an appropriate username.   You must not seek to pass yourself off as someone else or pick a username which is offensive, defamatory or otherwise likely to be deemed by us to be unacceptable
    Keep your login details and password secret
    Provide us with your true and accurate year of birth
    Let us know if you suspect any unauthorised use of your account

What should I know about being a registered user?

You will be able to access your registered details with your email address and password.

You will be able to keep your information up to date by logging in and updating your profile.

If you want to terminate your account, please contact our customer service portal.

We may suspend terminate or prevent your registration at our sole discretion. This may be because, for example, we consider that you have breached or will breach these Terms or our community guidelines or someone has reported abuse.

Where we suspend, terminate or prevent your registration, you must not attempt to re-register or submit content (e.g. using someone else's registration), without our permission. The period of any suspension depends on all the circumstances.
